THE LETTER GAME
Toddler Typing

Andrew A. Cashner (andrewacashner at gmail), 2014-06/09

This is a simple game designed for two- to three-year-olds.
The child can press any of the number or letter keys on the 
keyboard and see the images of the letter or number in 
bright colors on the screen and hear the sound of the letter.
We mask off the other keys so that they cannot do anything harmful
or confusing.
PRESSING ESCAPE EXITS.

Software
--------

This software is written in Ruby, using the GOSU 2-D gaming library. 
The Letter Game, like Gosu, is licensed under the MIT license: 
please see the LICENSE file.

Font 
----

The font used is Latin Modern Sans, which is freely available 
to distribute under a GUST Font License and the LaTeX Project 
Public License. The font is distributed with the TeXLive distribution
with the original filename lmsans10-bold.otf.
It is based on the Computer Modern fonts developed by Donald Knuth
for the TeX system, using METAFONT.
  Any other font could be used by putting it in the /font folder
and changing the definition of the FONT constant.

Sounds
------

The letter sounds were recorded by Andrew and Ann Cashner and our
son Ben, age 3.
  Users are encouraged to record their own sounds. You can substitute
your own voices for those in the program simply by replacing the files
in the audio/ directory, without needing to change any code.
  Save the sample for each character sound as an Ogg Vorbis file
with the character as the filename (as in 3.ogg or G.ogg).
Put a complete series of these in a folder with a numeric name,
under the "audio" directory (as in audio/1/3.ogg).
  The program chooses a random number up to the max number of 
recorded voices. So if you add more voices, increase the  
value of @voice_max in the #initialize method accordingly.
 
KNOWN ISSUES
============

Note that because of the way Gosu handles the 
keyboard, the mapping may not work out the same on every
keyboard. Characters other than letters or numbers should
produce a giggling sound, but may function like Escape and 
end the program.


